added the save_snapshot function to export to the MHTML format. (#79)
stephanlensky/zendriver: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

### Added

> added the save_snapshot function to export to the MHTML format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Added `Tab.save_snapshot` to export the current page to MHTML format.
```
